but it could be hopefully these what it
should be this your boy and oh uh what
up his DJ efn and his drink chance
[__] podcast make some no wait
we're the horns that we need your mando
autographs to the horns and gave him
away with fat right now we got a legend
in the building not only is he part of
the most legendary group that could
never be implicated duplicated or none
of that in hip-hop but he's also his own
legend
he also made classics on his own he also
has shoes on his own ice cream Chuck's
on his own huh he's a legacy he's gonna
continue doing him he soaps he's so
tough out here on this these tours he'd
be doing like a hundred and he beat or
like a wrestler 198 of the year gonna be
on the road flying flossing doing all
that he's was first person I ever seen
with a maid back in the building right
now is no other than great qua the
[__] chef the first wu-tang
member to ever be in a drink - yeah
let's make some
no solo that way core you from you from
Brooklyn and Staten Island right migos
when you grew up on a crime side New
York Times side I'm just talking about
Brooklyn mmm
you know I'll just soaping about first
off we go you Pablo I don't know if you
know that we owe you published it every
time on a drink chance we go mmm
in the three tens are me doing it any
chance army is doing it so so so so you
could say we've you said um okay you
look like foam started yeah you know
York at that right yeah right in the
middle like between Brownsville no way
East New York you know it's like across
the street you can tell them how I have
right there no I was dead always a young
[__] told man right you know I can't
take no no no help strikes from Brooklyn
and act like I was dead at that time I
was a kid
Lidl injections yeah yeah yeah so so
what year did you move the fell in when
I was like when I was like 10 his son
said 11 aside you know like I said I
ain't gonna act like I got no stripes in
Brooklyn on that level I was a kid you
know hey my mom's you know her sister
told her you know I think stat now is a
better place for you to live I know cuz
my pop sees a while he was a WoW gone
right here's a fly going alright no no I
mean it
and you know he was getting into a lot
of [__] all right and you know
repercussions was was coming out of my
guessing all right you know it came to
the point where my mom's had the kids
I'm going to Staten Island they get for
a better life for a better life I had no
idea Park Hill nothing all that nice
nothing about that I was still alive
Marnie now you will go space upon
separate projects yeah yeah what
projects is though state would say from
Stapleton on phone from the head mmm
yeah yeah poor kid must make some noise
for Paco we tried to give Raekwon other
week right it didn't happen we tried our
best year you could try to get Piaf in
look I switch back to place so you yeah
we just had it we just had happy care
and all cones and um the ambiance to the
smell kept bothering them no there was
nothing more than I take no part with
the sprays all right I gotta bring those
back so what yeah so now you met Rizla's
cuz miss wizard and ODB was all from
Brooklyn right yeah yeah so what year
was dead that they came out there and
when you first met them was it about
like musicals from Street [__] nice and
so sweet should automatically Dora it's
like them [__] the [__] been around
since these kids like you know recipes
to go to school together
mmm you know reason like the fourth
greatest song something like that for
from fifth grade and um you know raised
was that make it I used to come to the
neighborhood because he used to living
like a pray the house you know [__]
that I know now not great it just you
know his family had a private house you
need from the project so that's a
privilege mmm to me when a [__] can
live in a private house so you don't I
mean and you know we used to go to
school together and our wizards always
in the music you know I mean that's one
thing I could say he always he loved
music you die on me and at that time you
know his cousins was from Brooklyn you
know jizan you know Oh dirty you know
they will come back and forth to Staten
Island phone
now why was they coming us because they
have families they all coming he's
coming to hang out with wizard you know
went home you know I used to run with
them at that time and always used to be
around him and I used to see like
musical talents in the [__] all the
time
you know you know the GZA he always was
rhyming that was the most offensive the
first one to put out a record I'll let
you Rocky that was his shoe right that
was risen right they love you
here's the first one look basically for
me no um I think I did
it's early to know I think I think was
the came first agenda but I think they
were bored with the Jesus project I
[__] um not remember his genius
genius yeah it was works for my genius
that is that was official album right
there lane you know that's when they
make it came back to the hood and showed
everybody was like burnished they just
they got an album you know we had it in
our hands like it was it was ill so the
hold people would put y'all all together
like y'all 9 ok um y'all nine people
together whose idea was that initially
oh there is there was that was his you
know what it was it was just that when
they went in and did they thing on their
own they wasn't the chief at that time
you know about resident just yeah you
know you know and I guess that they felt
like you know what we're going to what I
would wait we going back come on come
with something new and raise was the
spirit of it you know and writers called
circle [__] in the hood and on he
always [__] with me so he knew my
potential like I said I was I was deep
in this way right and no money when he
made that call it was like yo yeah yeah
I'm down just for the representation of
the barrel I wasn't looking at it that
far
so I was like more like oh yeah whatever
you want to make a record we know you
that's what you do yeah we don't we do
this so what do you want to meet it you
know and we went in the home studio you
told everybody come with a hundred hours
and you was already wrong I was you know
I was splashing the way I was in
lobbyist Romney noticed or if you
it was the studio okay
so you know [__] you know some [__]
ain't happy no but not you know he came
in and I was like y'all one thing is to
get on this record right here boo me
talk about the the big pipe dreams of
everything gonna be this and be that it
was more or less this the record and on
yo I'm picking you know I want I'm going
shot [__] to all y'all [__] to get
on and we gonna come bum-rush the game
so he's like yo whatever you know right
you know it doesn't bring it was
protective yeah this is this understand
I'm saying that's what created the whole
[__] cuz that company been ramen for a
minute literally so R is already knew
certain Megas in the hood already had
had a name you know what I mean said it
was like okay you know when he picks
certain Tigges we wasn't all cool like
that we but we yeah he bomb who came
with the koumoue
um man raised you know that everything
O'Connor and as I was as well
yeah yeah no not pineapple home I'm
gonna do a salsa water would Carly do
you the sauce award so this late just
probably give yourself some water yeah
okay about that but you know you know at
me he came with the whole kung-fu style
of it or whatever and you know everybody
back then was big on yeah come on it was
like riding flick so right I would like
I remember that we used to ride treat
hot nylons and on like you know men
bagging days thing like the nylons
alright so what was the moment was it
when you recorded protect your leg that
you knew he was a part of some legendary
[__] or he was just rhyming and pager
hundred dollars it was gonna go on your
work it was just glad to be did thoughts
glad to be there thoughts but when we
did hit a record and
you know he composed it the way he
composed it when he came back I played
it it was like oh [__]
you want a song was that the order that
I verses was that the same order y'all
recorded oh no he was just he just was
freaking it the way he wanted the
freakin you don't need what I've heard
it you heard it he was like just sound
nice cuz you know I think was we wanted
we wanted to do what the hit squad was
doing this right I think a lot of people
get it [__] up when you go back to
that earlier time there's got certain
crews that was doing that was I coach
you know what I mean so we just wanted
to emulate what we seen them do but at
the same time still challenge what they
breath you know so you know being that
bars being that res he felt like yo you
know what we need to Staten Island at em
[__] Reagan goes you to EPMD you know
raises the rockin you know you know just
as the ki rest of the click you know
Redman is let the man is rent man you
know we started you know feeling like we
had to you know be on a level right and
the next thing you know once that record
once that record some go you know he
started to really make us pretend came
out I was in jail and all of a sudden
everybody that was from Brooklyn was
from Staten Island at that moment I was
like what the [__] like the whole pill
just turn from just a now and I said
these moves take [__] it's crazy man a
lot of [__] you know a lot of [__]
from Brooklyn used to hang out and so we
had a lot of raschi's ships because you
know Staten Island is literally like 15
20 minutes from Brooklyn like a lot of
Gavin Wright did alright you get been
like 20 minutes and then you shoot down
make the right and you go away down no
no you went back in the days you'll go
straight shot at each other this is true
everybody shoots their projects is the
shooters children is that what I heard I
needed a job project saves each other
why you gotta break that down got me a
couple own projects maybe we're now down
now now I said so cool you can't go to
Queens Richard I've seen the left
bracket like everybody's person thank
you now ain't it that [__] been going on
for years man it had been like a
traditional thing you know on Staten
Island you know certain places don't
like other places and you know we kind
of like grew up in that well you know
staple 10-9 I ain't not even without go
you know when the hell [__] you know
but ghost he was a [__] that
do you know was comfortable with coming
up to Staten Island he had a lady up
there so he was moving in and out and
coming up is that a yes I mean he was
coming from state would say oh you walk
in cuz he had a shorty up there you know
he had a kid so he had to come up there
so right you know we was seeing you know
we knew what he was about cuz my he was
a creep right make some noise
when I say creep I mean like a crook
creep that's my alright that I would
ever play me was that he was a crook
creep and you know [__] I had to watch
him because you know he had no you know
a no filter
[__] carry the guns and come through
and it's like you know [__] be on the
roof watching them all right making sure
they know where they going and leaving
amazed 2y at [__] they used to got
certain [__] in you know I never I
never ran across them on that level and
we kind of respected each other's club
because we you know we know a certain
power players like you know you had that
you had to know that in certain hoods so
even when Reds bought us together it was
like yeah I [__] with you but I don't
know you know so yeah yeah I knew each
other but didn't only Tommy I mean we
knew each other from school right but it
was still like it was just like just
going to school you know you're going to
school it's like I see you I see them
but after that you know I ain't gonna be
around you know mom going back up this
way you're going where you going and
we've been meet up when when like block
parties and all that [__] was poppin off
you know you know a lot of times it
would be like Park Hill day and you know
[__] from all over Staten Island will
come do it and you know [__] that make
movies and [__] right you don't make
somebody might get shot somebody might
get hit with a golf club
right you know at me [__] since
somebody pocket somebody got knocked out
you know all this [__] was going on and
it was like outside [__] that you had
to watch watch these roads down so ghost
is definitely in no Jovi's hill of
Kilimanjaro [__] well he was cool
Kilimanjaro
let's make noise
you say that Kilimanjaro and things like
that yes slang is is different it's like
how did you survive like yes slang no
it's different you know I mean Silas are
you develop this [__] like you know I
mean you're Horace Ward's that's just
block code block Cody this is you know I
ran with a bunch of 20 [__] you know
Fat Albert [__] lot of snapping all
that [__] just start coming out that you
know it was so ill that it made sense
that [__] just kept it you know I mean
but not look at it like that it's just
how he talks and you work for Pun early
like you was like punch first feature
correct yeah yeah how was that how she
introduced me to play my water he
introduced me yeah you know and Joe was
like geldeston our [__] right here yo
this small brain hang right you know you
know it's like yo this girl's not this
is some way up in the Bronx or suggested
okay I came up there to see him and all
you know he was like y'all don't you
want you to be somebody of [__] so I'm
like that what's up you know what I mean
it makes you know it was big pond to
meet old pond around for me and when he
wrong for me it was like I looked at Joe
did one I was like yo you like this
thinking you like him I said [__]
blood is sneaking I was just spin he
said y'all when I'm gonna put him on his
Joyner Morning Joe uh went for a man
here next thing you know the star was
super boring after that now this is what
I want to get to there's a classic
hip-hop memory classic skin oh yeah
we'll go face
you said the [__] bit off denies what
was gonna do York City I headed
I got no later on your squash you were
big but at that time you had to be
feeling some so who was who was there
mind state going through we got made
that intro cuz it was funny as hell but
it was serious
it wasn't premeditated I'll tell you
that so the Jeff feel like yeah you had
to say something because I felt like it
was outright buy-in nah you know
sometimes it was called shark bites
right wasn't I mean you know you know I
got the documentary coming out so I'm
the real story within the documentary
but on all I could say is in a sport of
what we do right we came in we wasn't
supposed to like nobody right I said it
all the time let's make some noise for
the [__] be a foul [__] straight I
would make a thing like you said like
you know like I said you know we was
getting money with the [__] we you
know we make great records with [__]
but it was never you know that's not was
was at that time but us especially us
because you know I mean I'm talking
about us our generation youngsters you
know like you know you go to another
[__] neighborhood or whatever if you're
not from there you always feel like
watch those [__] they of course you
know what I mean and vice versa because
a lot of times people got hurt in this
for [__] out of town coming in and
hurt [__] or you know what I mean so
anytime we always felt like that and
like I said at the day we're gonna we're
gonna say that one that that because
that's a real thought but all I could
say is it was a premeditated I know I
was just hungry [__] being hungry
[__] it was it was a legendary moment
at hip-hop man legendary moment at
hip-hop you guys saw me now one thing
this is as a DJ decide places of ice is
one of my favorite records of all time
true supposed to say come on
we will play a game right man coming in
Amanda we're gonna play shots right you
don't want it you don't want to take a
shot right yeah I'll take a short
exercise because we're gonna do whenever
I beat you to the hmm then and what
about beat you to the home you go point
at somebody and you can make them take a
shot everybody's in everybody's in the I
won't get high so far Betelgeuse will
stay home then you say some fly [__]
come on you say five I told people all
the time I say a break want to have a
conversation will wake want and at one
point I forgot yeah
now am I crazy or was there a Legend of
Zelda sample in that record mmm you know
game [__] I mean a video game I'll
never pick that never knew that yeah
that's what you that's what it is and
I'll do the search and I'm trying to
beat nerd about I can't find nothing but
I swear to you but it's a Legend of
Zelda sample places of ice that's one of
my favorite records you just put me on
it I know that I'm to be honest don't
care about now is just a BD inside the
label just our ear to end loud um Donna
Henry blast it was so good
who brought that he brought that is a
pop Oh hit me with that so that's the
cush and we smoked a haze he wrote
another haze so did you see the loud
bang oh man it was it was pretty awesome
did you smell bad jazz I wasn't in it
you know what's in it oh yeah you know I
missed that you know I feel bad cuz you
know llao llao did a lot of [__] for the
game
you know shout out Steve Rifkin now you
just so long about as well let's get
into that right now
Blake's like I'm gonna be honest that
was your time we knew you was wu-tang we
knew that but it was the time where you
just broke out and you was awesome
hockey yo so now [__] know who great
quad is 100% how did that feel huh did
you know he was making a classic we was
making it yeah they gonna tell you
something yeah let me be honest with ya
you know we had a powerful team back
then you know we've his young [__]
weave his wheels fall you know you
caught me right there you know it was
one of those vibes like I'm sitting
around the table with all God body men
at the time the [__] is smart and
creating a planning and you know like I
said all I wanted to do is just be a
team player I just tried to come in and
do my part because I was caught in them
to be a part of this alright so no I
wasn't worried about no solo dolos I
wasn't thinking about it you know I'll
just you know coming in on the
representation just to do my part before
we get back to the purple tape
Ghostface just said that he's in charge
of the new wah wah yeah sorry about that
I heard about that I mean I think that's
a good look I think it's a good I think
it's a Superman look
that was a that was a son to be honest
with you running goes always are the
ones fighting foot
I don't know brothers the step it's of
different changes sometimes and not go
against the you know you talking about a
[__] that got eight rings you know I
mean in classics you know we need you
questioning a man with that Cano
belt he gonna look at you like you crazy
Lord I heard RZA house he's gonna walk a
hundred steps it's like some people
change Chinese Theater a Buddhist I kind
of gonna walk a hundred steps up there
no he's and in catch a breath you know
he's really doing karate [__] told me
one day yo I even more weird saying than
me
I say you all I said you wanna make it
best cuz he went sit it simple or
whatever you it would be what they were
Ria's how does the wu-tang logo go like
if y'all use it you can't can all of
y'all use it oh I mean no [__] could
use it of course but it's just one other
thing is using with us huh that that's
just a major business you know if you
build a branding you know you part of
the grand but you go do something
somebody else that's not a part of the
brain they got a respect that they
getting something great and they got a
paint they gotta give back soon enough
so you know some [__] you know user to
say [__] don't use it so let's get back
to this purple tape incarcerated
Scarface know it costs a rate Scarface
every time you come out I'm like a
wink-wink performing me you know you
don't never have to ask me which reckon
you want to do is always incarcerated
Scarface how did you what was your I
don't know it's tell me the story I
don't even know what the question just
tell me the story I went across to bring
this Gulf it [__] does that's just a
record for [__] that was away you know
I think if that wasn't on the street at
the top you know when I was making an
album I felt like you know
to really pay respects to the [__]
that was ahead you know a lot of my
[__] went away early
alright you know course of course some
monster bids and [__] and I was thinking
about the [__] in like you know a lot
of times you know you might see a [__]
with a rep on his face or something you
know what I don't make her my sucker
alright cuz he got a rip you know and
that might just be a scar a decoy oh you
know [__] might have caught him or
whatever and you know I made a much
stronger [__] later on right on
I was just thinking about all my
scarface [__] like [__] that get
money Scarface [__] all right you know
yeah if you had a skull you know you
hunt that skull right you know anybody
all of us I'm sure you got stars are
stars yeah I'm gonna go we sky we
Scarface down [__] dope but I and I'm
paying homage just paying homage and
just caught a vibe that they just woke
there is a residential that day and he
had the he had the beat on and you know
I write fast if it's nice if you got
something real good I can write faster
Wow I mean came with the hook and say
your destiny is in jail that ain't a
well let's make some noise for customers
coffee story famous for a long time I
want to know who's the who's the way
this famous this person you smoked would
be this famous yeah like that you smoked
that you is just like I can't believe
I'm with you my darling down on it
[Music]
Mariah mine
didn't you mean Jill Scott though we
hung on one night she cried to me Oh
Jill Scott now she wasn't blowing the
branch though but she was very nice [__]
oh yeah you know she cried that night
she had a lot of [__] on her mind I mean
you know she don't let my homeboy we was
dead
hanging out with or whatever it was
after all it was after all I know was
that we went to when you know we always
hanging out and you know she was she was
ventilating that day in because I got
worse she just distilled you know what I
mean it means like you know he's a big
brother yo you know we have for you all
right Wow we thought we were gonna have
a Vegas remember that was ill but not
Kelly Price yes okay come on
we asked our guest this right talk to me
Mommy do you yes good this guy posted it
on the [__] the that's how you can ask
me that's the perfect way to answer it
yeah
you be around those funky Munky go
I got another one yeah she got to be a
specialist espresso and like super clean
super clean we don't just run down call
that checking the temperature no check
that
what's the wireless tour you've been on
home again tall Blanche and I felt like
Annie was great to jump into the ass
conversation hmm you either booty like
groceries this is this is this booty
come on surely there might be a fence
come on everybody know talking about
that tell them about you yet how many
[__] that way you think you do
definitely I let's just think about this
you in the 50s or in the 20s
I'm just [__] Nev Nev is eternities
we're gonna make a commercial for you if
you need you ass bleep Eddie Eddie will
teach
gives a requirement one that you know
too many liquor provided today's my bad
[__] man they got they got four for
liquor store again with Kendall went put
on the red and the rancher comes a pale
color red color bag color bait you don't
say April body the liquid that we
getting drunk old is my last chance my
liquors hit them on the Oh Amy we gotta
water tender I don't know if you peep
that but strange to where you Adam in
because we got Raekwon here so we got
people porno drinks her name is Amanda
Amanda come over here and say hi to the
people last time everybody wanted to say
who is watch me ain't say nothing we
added a girl to the show we had too much
testosterone a lot of pool sticks and no
pockets God wasn't working out so we
added a girl to the show
same with seven eight or something with
you from okay you know it up if you go
man to ask on from the Bronx New York
yeah and what's your Instagram and all
that sort of people know Amanda
underscore s co e SEL I then welcome
onto the drink chips hit up on an
Instagram and is going down like that
she's literally to the tree Pororo
require a seat now snap now the job
button is [__] I see when you have
snuffed them that was them I thought I'd
show like you know Joe's my man he's an
ogre I'm not with the compound again
this is a hysteresis historic moment
okay right so how did that start he said
something to you about you know he no he
said Method Man is overrated
so right you know you know so ill it's
like I mean really number one I like Joe
now you know anything based on the fact
that I could have got us some trouble
behind that you know what I mean I'm
getting to that
you know I got that was serious to me
and he didn't he didn't give me away
yeah it was it was kidnapped I didn't
say he was talking Wow [__] but you know
he and then you synched him yeah and
then yeah I spoke and then he went and
talked about it again and then him and
Mickey facts him and make you fat says
some [__] didn't and then y'all sync
them what happened right yeah I mean you
know the tape is destroyed but I it's
not in my memory no sir no I'm still
having a memory you know what it was it
was just a moment day and it was just
getting sick and too far out of hand and
I try to neutralize him you know I shot
outside the Oaks Eliza when you put his
hat back on it was like hey young man is
a monster
let's take in Hannah yeah I didn't say
you didn't but you put his hat back oh
that's what makes it worse let me tell
you something I ain't never like I met
mobsters like real mobsters I break out
when I met mafioso [__] but I've never
actually seen them do mafioso [__] this
was the closest thing to like this is
mafioso [__] not naked
he made them [__] he made Mickey facts
google it cuz cuz they said Mickey
fights it like did you say so music no
isn't anything doing a computer this way
long ago waiting more than seven years
ago what was it that like the bells was
interrupted buzz this was rock the bells
so how do you feel about when you see
him still like going off like that you
did you feel that he could've learned
his lesson from moving or whatever but
how to just wash it well um nah you know
yes you know and we never really
squashed it huh uh-huh
we left it alone as he wants it you know
[__]
my thing is like I sell like I think my
thing is like I said you know I respect
slaughterhouse you know as a group and I
[__] with the [__] you don't and like
a lot of the [__] like I like them
[__] you know it was just left alone
you know but like I said Joe he chose
the home you could have put me in a
situation where they're [__] up in our
intro by him being a standing right
there I fell all the way back because
it's like you know we have for that but
I really was just trying to neutralize
it and just say yo listen
you out there with met but you can't be
choking [__] cuz I'm out on the road
with [__] tongue we're all here
together
you can't eat my mains
oh yeah he just got it just got to the
point where we had the dress alone and
just and just finished it you know what
I mean like like just finishing this
Scott peak baby
Scott - OH - this is Jason to the shove
out there go bungee shout out boys
nothing
this backwoods nature I seen this hey
wind it take that destroyed I don't know
what when that tape you shoulda got
destroyed because it was yo get legacy
is so crazy you know you guys did you
can see and jojos on fire at that time I
almost cocaine did they do it the video
la we was drinking that night use a
federally man drinking but I'm the type
of naked I know that [__] getting it
in because that was the Alberto that was
a terrible these days passed me blowing
oh my god
on me but um that was the era it was
like a lot of times [__] would but
listen secure the links and be like yo
when they see me do couponing
well it took me in the mad long time to
realize that sound was that noise like I
just stood there
yes yeah it was [__] was going yo yo
that's the one egg man was you my good
man
and you back our days why are you
sniffing like that oh no I [__] around
[Applause]
you know back then you know if you know
one thing you got to remember when
[__] is getting high back then it was
a sense of power that you had that you
had to do a different kind of world but
now that was just that was just me at my
best many she's getting high in just
feeling like Montana you know you know
the movie we love we love Scarface not a
speck Spanish [__] man like Spanish
[__] [__] you know [__] bodega
corner [__] huh
they used to hold the ranches with
[__] like go where the Cubans you see
now you see a shirt like your Papa don't
touch that mean like love Spanish [__]
in I always was you know a fan of hottie
hot a way put in work right you know I'm
saying no one that's a fact baby this
makes it noise for cocaine and Spanish
[__] got damn
Oh like I already actually was a famous
person you smoke to it but who was like
the most famous person that told you
there was a fan that you told you there
was a friend a lot of people are Wu Tang
Shen Gong Wu
nan well you know you know who I seen
one night mmm see my [__] model Richie
oh I'm saying I'm big on it they only be
music that whole music club you know we
go back to the regular parties with us
to bring the push the washing and drying
out of there a lot of the rec room and
let [__] hang out in this smoke but
that whole that whole eighties era and
then I met that man lightly which is
long as this at a lake this road like
this was in la ola we was we was at a
John party or something army your
borders it was some big [__] so another
shape and I just seen him right and we
walked up so many and I said yo what up
being on me what up brother how you
doing and he was like oh man it Marvin
was here right now so my Marvin Gaye
this is what he said to me he's like go
now minor which we talked about which
she was like Marvin Gaye was here right
now we'd have been doing it with Johnny
that's what he said to me imagine that
silo me me knowing Marvin history and
then looking at this man since 3 the dad
was that was some serious [__] because
whatever he was doing he was thinking
about Marvin and and I look at it like a
lot of the you know a lot of the artists
they hung with each other day and I'm
like [__] [__] music we just real [__]
and it made me think of how certain
[__] in the business I got
relationships with why you know what I
mean and in the way he said it was like
guilt out [__] to stand up [__] he
would have been right here with us
telling wanted to do things without
[__] right and I was just a little
fluency [__] for me
Milan which you me if I would have seen
lighter which ought to walk the other
way like I don't be scared of that [__]
my [__] for real my mom's plane landing
in the crib and Marvin Gaye to my grits
that got [__] I seen Stevie Wonder
tuition I couldn't even approach him
like you said like you know he couldn't
even see me if I wanted to certain stars
you don't even got injury before you
start okay yeah I'm know where it is
that I'm where music was crack this for
you int Colombian cocaine baby right hey
you know your Greg the oldest let me say
sup I would wake I would warn wake home
by like mixing drinks but I've seen this
[__] do this why does plenty its
history I think I'm drinking anyway
white on the same line by this but
you're sure you wanna do this is nice it
is I want to sleep on this how many
people died it just this is um eight
what's that [__] you behavior you page
it's good there's Columbia this is the
old school wine let's make noise for him
you know
this [__] tastes like they said they use
little sparkles in it Oh
slag the goalie go slowly round boy he'd
always liquors man we talk about Axl
Jackson yeah we we cherish though nah yo
Michael Jackson had big hands man what
now
super road top you lose that yeah we was
in Miami we was in a head back to me in
the studio you know me and ghost that's
when we was we was living out here my
okay
I lived on Miami for like two years oh
and we was working on the album and all
of that in you know we was in the head
factory in the next thing you know you
know we looking through the blinds like
we hear all these cars coming in their
own driveway
it's a bunch of black vehicles just
pulling up out of nowhere
we'd like Gil looking through the blinds
like yo the [__] is that all right you
know what next thing you know it's just
Michael just jumped out with his two
kids just and by herself
so next thing you know you know we look
in like oh [__] that's Michael Jackson
all right you know what I mean - Jackson
it's like yo that might have been a time
I hope you know skip forever sure and um
next thing you know he started to walk
towards I will our wound you know it for
my from the outside so you know me and
ghost me like I don't sit the [__]
coming this way we sat down
yeah like he'll he won't finish she
walked in he said he walked in with the
own with the owner of the infected mmm
and when he walked in it was like all we
did was just look up to one what's up my
you know I mean how you doing Mike and
yo he kicked it with us for like a ride
but it was so so might now was did you
have to introduce yourself for you he
was LA we had that we had to introduce
our son my [__] like you know it goes
in it is leather so cos ghost is like go
you know he was telling Mike like yo you
know a did you joint over
he was like did you know what Mike was
like and Mike and you might lose just
acting like you know life but it goes
like yo you heard I heard he was like I
had to call my mother and all that after
that be telling like yo I met Mike you
know it's just something about and this
is pretty insecure a terrible comes back
to you the hand just winks and all that
nigga's know yeah we didn't want to do
that anyways no you don't do that you
see when you see a star power now you
just want to be comfortable like like
that Raekwon like your oh you rolled
that like an hour or a loan
so we also have oh yeah yeah smoke to
Wesley Snipes oh yes Wesley Snipes live
in the next day he was like you're
coming me to karate cause in the joy
like you know that's like the moment I'm
like I hate kirai like I'm ash I shoot
people blows up did the her seems like a
karate Olympics I'm sitting there acting
like I like it too and every went to
club cheaters and he has so many Asian
[__] will pick up the Wesley Snipes
we're looking for you tonight you were
like Wesley Snipes funny I'll be crazy
act up on a drink camps don't know I'm
following you on Twitter you're
following me
no I never I've never hit you on there
but um that night we hung out is classic
and also heard of night with nods hung
out with Denzel Washington and he's they
could start smoking weed and jung-woo
took the blood from Denzel I was like
look at you Malcolm X
hardly a store so gentlemen you'll be I
know you can cosign this story this is
the story I heard that's my brother
jungle from Cuba if you go out there you
know uh come on drink champagne uh that
subscribe you so did you hear about
Bobby Brown frying chicken with cocaine
chicken Indian makes those he doesn't
would cook a coma like that no that was
Bobby Brown goes that's the Bobbi Brown
story that's the that's the fly story in
existence [__] same thing he fried
chicken with coke what coke as the
actual cross how did you do that how do
you think that she can taste wake long
it was numbing the whole body no [__]
[__] small intestines it's [__] up
just kidding whew snowman all that
that's another level B so so so great
how old you are acting out with [__]
in the hood shoe that did Roger game
with cocaine ha [__] that jumped off
the roof and live
don't know why I say hang out what I'm
meaning like you know we see minute
headed or whatever but you know
something is like believe it at night
man mmm a lot of times we still gotta
watch out for the [__] that don't [__]
[__] drinks man you know I know what
they go one time that's [__] up well
he's never been aware of these sins but
um he had a half a Molly here
a hacker Molly here half a mile a half
mile here half a mile here half a mile
and then he just stood there and then
the business came and it was like he's
like yeah one drinks and he was like
yeah he ordered drinks you can never see
it and then all he did was pick up the
drinks like this and then he served [__]
I say the happy guys do to you I don't
know like it was undetectable like if he
didn't tell me right like he was he had
he was chillin he was they gave me a
five and everything this [__] won't move
but then when he grabs the drinks that's
how he did it he grabbed it to underline
it I was like that's some and 20 minutes
later the business was like you know
where we could buy extra seems like cost
they was already on this [__] so they
this is crazy
but you spiking drinks did you go to
studio 54 mad lost the eighties yeah
what do you be one that no no no that
was the [__] you don't mean that was
there it was me as [__] that was going
on like that's happening right whenever
you're the Red Parrot it was there that
pirate that was Ana City oh that was in
the city he knows a lot about the
original she wearing a bra you Ian
squared a fever
I've been to bid that way y'all guys
thanks the groom would have liked that
as that error was just so you just put
your base go that's the world I want
like that's nothing I could say about us
like right you know just coming up with
a bunch of [__] that just come from
nothing just using a talent and it made
which to make money and be creative I
felt like that was a big thing like
coming back for the nineties in you know
[__] like us we still around right you
know like we out did some of our old G's
that's a fact you know I guess this
because they look at it they probably
looked at it like why I'm here they
don't hand I'm gonna do my thing real
quick and I'm electorate pass or but we
still here doing it my [__] we still
was a blessing like choice some years
later in relevant people's then I guess
don't get it like that do you remember
your first show in Miami mom I was at
that show it had this butter way Cuomo's
cameras one came on his show comedies to
do he showed them a slip up no mahi
temple I believe my memory is like a
hell of Fame and this was ill cuz I
don't think y'all expected the reaction
cuz I remember seeing y'all faces when
y'all came out on stage yeah we're like
to hear folks in Miami saying the lyrics
going crazy I remember just seeing our
faces like y'all was amazing because it
was the show was crazy yeah that's crazy
I used to be man anyway we go that's how
that's how we lay it out man you know
Miami we [__] with Miami for the Cuban
Linx I don't like a lot of [__] don't
know I was in Miami right in that how
about me and ghost know I always say 95
south on the record name we was just
here we was here right in you know
getting that ocean breeze
so Miami is a special part of the town
that we always going salute you know I
mean it's just like I said is you know
it goes back to like like I said growing
up with with a lot of Spanish [__] in
you know I'm saying eating on the same
plates and we share certain kind of
respect for them for the Latin community
you know my kids is Paul and it's giving
back my babies is part Latin it's the
Cuban like you know it's all about
mankind man mankind man we don't know
other [__] you know now me and Capone we
did a podcast in front of the Dawg Pound
right and um we spoke about me at the
poem we had a fight and um yeah come on
stuff for me I don't know if you know
that what did I slam sorry so we did we
asked havoc hold win in a fight between
a havoc and prodigy who will win in a
fight between ghosts and Raekwon if you
had to square up just like it's just
brothers [__] no worldstar no or I'll
stop just it no I'm not I'm not I'm not
going on I'm not going to lose
to get you one thing cuz I can't use one
no I wake up oh I will whip is that my
see what that about us that's like we
would never put hands on each other and
cuz it ain't no coming back
maybe this is too sneaky now coming
those two that work upon so I know we've
never had to do that blow out through
the fair one he would he would do his
best to win and I would do my best to
win hmm but putting your hands like it's
crazy because they really trying to hurt
each other you just want to make up no
you can't come back alive meeting
appalled how to fight and then we win
and perform on stage in Japan Japan
people wore no stain right afterwards
it was the bump-out is [__] in the world
and then you know in the morning we
squashed it in and beat it but you know
when you brothers you always gotta go go
to [__] yeah no no we never have to
share that Doughboy now this last one
Tang album this last potent album came
out it it didn't really seem like you
co-signed a it seemed like you know what
I mean like it was it was it was a
little like dispute between you and Reza
at first and then after like felt last
final quarter it was like the final
quarter of the game and you came in like
why was that you know for the fans you
know it's hard sometimes to make the
fans understand what you're going
through with your business with your
brothers you know yeah you know
sometimes it just be you know what I
gotta stand for something on the floor
for anything you know and you know as
brother's we try to work [__] out or
whatever it might and after the day I
don't never want to disappoint the fans
but alright
you know business is business that the
last thing you want to do is feel like
you're getting rooked by your brother
right you know that's some real super
betrayal [__] right this alright you
know it was just a lot of [__] in
the air but it got fixed up in time and
you know like I said I'm always
represent the world and know it ain't
never a issue with my brothers
right then I it's the business thing
makes another they don't know if you
don't know what's going on with my
business you can't be mad why I'm going
I'm going right oh but you you know you
subjected to him you know that's what it
be sometimes you just be but you know so
far everything is good money and family
is family you know I mean like I said I
move ever like that's never gonna ever
ever go anywhere be right that's there
for life so let me tell you when you see
things like that and you see like my
little Wayne going through it with our
baby like what is your position on that
leg
is it like them I can see how that is
because this brother is this bring uncle
bill they say it's the father and son
you know I could relate superly because
it's just all about being being fair
being real with which it would show with
your brother right exact you know so
everybody went through this [__] man I
mean from Ron Isley robbing the Isley's
Rob and his brothers while he dead and
you know I mean doing all kind of wild
[__] you know what I mean it's like you
never know so when you when you see [__]
like that happen to you you know you got
to approach it and you got to let a
[__] know like go man we can't move
like this all right you know that's
[__] up you know I think it's good you
know and you try that you try to deal
with it and and say you know what don't
do it again and you try to live that out
all right you know and that's what it's
all about it's all about being real I
don't never want my my I like to feel
like you know I'm down with you but I'm
not down with you you know it's
something bothering you I gotta know
what's bothering you especially if it's
gonna [__] up our friendship you know
sometimes you when you talk to me y'all
be like they let them know it's real you
I'll be like your words our friendship
we're top so I'm taking that goddamn it
you know so you know what I'm a told and
said the friendship so that's different
like keep your word is if the [__] is
cut off you know sometimes [__] fall
out like that man you know you wanna
[__] with [__] because you love [__]
but you can't be loving a [__] morning
of ub don't do that don't do that that's
deep the second or even plenty of kinky
[__] out for that
that's deep [__] keep dropping this is
gone yes self-explanatory it's about
just knowing who you around
I don't know when I tend to the data yo
if I'm looking at you like a real man
just be a real man all right you know
you stamp the something we mean and know
if I got a problem with something I'm
bringing it to you sir we could fix it
and move on
well we can't be acting like cuz I gotta
be where for you because it's allowable
you you made that that uh only people
kill the links too
and that was like you really did it on
your own your own label and you actually
conducted that sound you kept it what
year was that was was a minute ago but
you kept it whatever year that was you
you kept it up to date but still it
sound like a wu-tang album yeah so like
I know I'm not doing that next boo album
I think like you don't think you should
have had it too been an executive
producer you to do picking the beats and
things like that do you think this order
came out a little better like it's hard
I mean it's hard when you want to try to
dictate what you think everybody else
going like it's like [__] don't feel
like yo you deserve that crown but it
ain't even like you trying to look at it
like you better than me [__] you're
just trying to add on and say now this
is this is what it is but all right well
you didn't with so many different minds
in the building it's like damn i'ma get
to eight [__] and let him know what
I'm family you know
you know and sometimes it's like go you
might be on your horse that [__] felt
like yo you up there [__] stop it you
that's what your head is that I'm right
here so it's hard to tell your brothers
with what you might feel is hell now we
could do is just try to create together
and come up with song not a secret wolf
Tang album that got sold for 2 million
Martin what's that Martin shkreli was
secret peace
did you have a hit album did I hit oh
wow yes absolutely
oh well you're on it right you're on it
whoa no I've never I've never had my
legging you uh I thought oh [__] you
[__] me up like I'm befuddled right
now go get some water yeah
salsa water so marketed this is this is
a chance where you call trade Ally
emotion really will sabotage us every
time we get to good parties entrails to
the trace how we know we in a good part
of the interview right now what you
never heard this album what's it called
you know what it's called just call
school no that's how much you haven't
heard it pull up all of what is called
something Shaolin once upon a time and
[__] and you've never heard it but you
know your verses is on there and it's
for what remember 2 million know
Superman was spread throughout the water
yeah that was that was sound right all
right Martinez drop no you know what it
is dope it was it was something that hit
my desk and I felt like it was genuine
it was a genuine thought right and um
you know my thing is y'all running
around the table and make sure everybody
feel the same way about it and I'm thank
you
you know you know some [__] wasn't
fond of it but the situation of the
house yeah because selling it to but the
concept was pretty low the idea was
it'll let me get to it so you know was
the concept I don't know
the concept was just the two album that
so art was sold as art piece like
that's a little idea you know so I was I
was absurd on that level and I knew that
I'd end of the day you know what it'll
work itself out or that is something
that's needed let's do it before the
next [__] do it
there's door for [__] that think like
us do the same [__] and then next thing
you know we do it because we didn't do
it but meanwhile one thing when the
album got when they got soul I guess
whatever whoever was dealing with it RZA
game was handling the business a heart
yeah a name is Alan I mean I didn't care
because I already caught a check for me
okay we're ready so later already my
[__] already on it no when he came down
to do a whole situation in once we all
had a set check didn't matter what it
sold for later yeah it was just it was
just really that I felt like I already
got paid for it right right right
I wasn't chasing it but that money
should have been going around and saving
right you know but however that got
broken down or whatever I wasn't there
to see it I wasn't out I didn't get
nightmare now what would you watch this
guy was it me Martin come on screaming
what do you think cuz do you want that
I'm gonna be hurt or you don't really
isn't this what happened to you no I
mean you don't [__] let mom [__] is here
yeah come on three tips I mean he had
the beef with with ghost a word that's
good and they forego the dude in the
back with the [__] beat him oh I do
remember some of those swing bleep
listen
come on PA come to drink chance morons
let's go this is it Ari
I didn't say unless you did a well sin
it no
come on I want to hear what do they say
nobody can't download this podcast come
on hand play that can play that mantra
check that be hard
that'll be our easy that before the
culture because nobody can't download it
they can just listen to the broadcast a
couple of joints at least play that [__]
man I'm gonna have joints planar that's
what you you were what she would throw
that out did you cuz you need a complete
product right so we several Cuban Linx
three [__] what someone killed the Lynx
three what's balloon what we doing man
so fast wanna know man the purple arrow
what do you guys I'm gonna be honest
with you right now that's like a [__]
jib to [__] Mohammed I'll leave statue
that should've just tucked away when I
mix what what what have you been working
on a secretly of course yeah you can
tell the way you just you know oh you
know we gotta close it out but we're not
closing it out right now because it's
like they gotta be organic it can't be
rushed
they can't be rush so imma continue to
still give [__] new [__] and give you
great great sound early hip-hop what
[__] hair my [__] [__] they know
that yo eat the same [__] clever from
the clever era you know me and alright
harmless and creative
I'm gonna give you creative [__] I'm
gonna give you you know cycles of
excitement it's gonna get excitement
excited on that part three that's hard
outer part three is just gonna be now is
this that's the last that's the last one
or you gotta close the door now so that
is you it was out of closed Oh
just break it [__] sir story against
Nixon that Cuban Linx three years or no
way this around its around but it's I'm
just selling it ain't coming out right
man it's not but it's always something
that I'm taking into consideration and
still saying you know what I know my
[__] want that and I mean but we gotta
close it with a trilogy but the energy
just gotta be there need to be when you
making when you making great hours like
you do it because you love to do it but
you also do it because this crisis it's
only right to do it that's right so I
want to walk into it like that and
really just say yo this is time you know
what I mean when we do that when we do
it but right now I'm having fun making
other albums and just being creative and
doing what I normally do you're not
I'm always give your [__] good music
you know it's just all about who really
ready to listen you know and I think it
[__] from my era of course the young
[__] you know they always invited to
come in and dance with the music with me
I fought with [__] you know I mean all
the young [__] but um I'm gonna
continue to represent that great music
that we made that mean a lot
you know [__] hear our voices and I
think it's love it who was your favorite
CEO you have worked with for my part my
favorite CEO like mmm record label like
you just you know whether it's terrific
trains the Elliott Wilson train did we
tell you no that's B does training that
notice be - train - this is feet eyes
training every time we get goes
something good other guys we had a
locomotive connect this is real [__]
I respect I respect you man big extreme
yeah yeah thanks baby I used to run
trains the Shaolin a lot but different
type of trainees these thing is the king
of train but on your famous CEO oh now
you know I'm gonna get I'm gonna get a
crown so many young [__] doing it talk
or not but that you worked with and put
out your music you worked with
that's a deep one right there I've said
that that's that's that's that's the
cheese the help of the Train that's the
training
oh [__] is - Alec use that CEO you gotta
give us that CEO right
he would say yourself now if you won't
be selfish we got love for selfish
people with their petty [__] we
followed the moment now you know I'll
definitely get a crown now saying Chris
lady though okay Chris lighting guys
around in your office around
it's crazy I've been thinking about
Chris lighty all day today some boys
Christian let you pretty sure Sam you
say he was around cut yeah and you know
he's to be around Steve a lot in you
know they was doing a thing and you know
a lot of times he would always come
around and like say yo yeah I think it's
a super powerful yeah I got a when you
say stealing which I'm on Steve stuff
nah Oh wicked okay yeah yeah that's what
Chris was where I know they used to work
together right and on you know he's to
be around and you know he would tell us
like go
yeah brand man everything this is a
brand gang man and we used to listen and
you know he was just always about
motivating [__] to do other's [__] in
you know get on big TV shows and all
that you know let's talk about reality
shows back then you know wanting to see
[__] get on it but we're not really
that type of personality crew that you
know reality show would make sense right
you just reminded me you ins MTV took
you to Sierra Leone right
Oh or so or somewhere in that Africa yes
yeah I've never seen a machine
yeah was the - crazy so just going died
Nick your lesson impacted you heavily
like how was that how was that stupid
crazy we're going out there be one once
I got there I kissed the ground like
that you know motherland you know me
that was that was beautiful right there
just to go home and just but then when
we got there it was crazy
the hotel was like it was like the hood
the shindig is not a hotel it was like
the hood with chandeliers you know I'm
never gonna happen you could see it it
was that fun no I wasn't [__] up
though it was just it was different you
know what I mean like you know he had a
sign on a lot of papers and [__] like
papers that's why you were at one time I
was a big mesh I was on my way to
somewhere else here I was on my way to
somewhere else feels like it's close
it's like ya gotta go you gotta get a
shower that were like mutilated or some
[__] right no I'm not just now you know
what it is we went to an amputee that's
hella much like what everybody just is
amputated
you know kids and everything I didn't
want to see that I ain't 100 you stayed
like in the bus or something at that
point it was deep it was like a journey
like a pillage for like 14 days out
there you know talking about the
diamonds and all that but they were just
taking us places where the rebels came
through and they chose [__] up you know
they came to the aggressive and you know
me you know me I want to know why they
did it like why are you do that yeah you
know but it was just a big journey of
one of learning why things happen like
that
they took yellow Liberia know right now
we never wanna they have a WOL like the
Brownsville with African no W yeah let
me tell you something in parts from what
I heard you know me beware when I went
to first if you don't the crazy way I
went for the first time with the hood be
like [__] is walking around with we
were on what you call em sez crutches
sin not the arm the little green lights
and then like a lantern like a green
land
yeah like a land please book me I've
never been a please did you say you
don't want to go I want to go fresh
though [__] super fresh they're like
Zamunda fresh like no America nada means
joke I ain't gonna front that the living
conditions they was living under was
with serious but when one when were my
party well my party was that night and
whatever and they came out [__] was like
being in the Bronx to sir should be like
it was everybody was just chillin off
that I was proud for that this is Africa
um please book me I've never been Rocky
me oh I'm avoid you but everybody else
you heard of our cameo to promote oh
let's do that can have you is kidnap you
naughty do that out there though
yeah what what they sometimes they all
motor to leave you know this question
the whole night I'm gonna be honest I
need a uncut
untold old dirty bastard story listen
man I got I got one but I just need to
hear it on this show it should never be
a whole Dirty Bastard story told first
unless it's coming from the tank
that's really what the funniest [__]
of this whatever was the first thing
that comes to mind we taking it it don't
like we need the own dirty bastard story
he's a legend he's simple dope alleges
what legend supa dupa why
that was a real [__] that's why I could
say like dirty was he was the realest of
the relish being like and he loves soul
music so it's like every time you see
him that's the chain being I you know
listening to the whispers of some [__]
talking to you but old j's and all that
no but you know when he was getting high
he was just cool enough but I think one
night we got we all got real [__] up
all right I [__] up okay and I
remember going down to his room and [__]
you know the [__] be banging on the
door for me cuz see he was in the other
room right he was in the he was in the
other hotel room this is back in the day
so these and other warmest [__] so you
know Minka's up in there [__] just
hitting that way you know that when is
that described it took cause we got
smart dust that's you know angel dust
the dared us you know that you know not
we was a smoke gonna been [__] we was
around smoking and um we was in the
warmest [__] one day and we was just
blowing bong bong bong so you know you
smell this [__] [__] smell good
it's like the difference don't because
don't know does smell good but smells
good yes like jelly been word but uh you
know soap on you know think he's hit it
one time bomb so now we you need doing
push-ups
okay no news release for now but you
know like I said we was in there when
you smoke dishes back then and you know
he went down a dirty room II want to
open it don't you think open the [__]
door [__] you know said they want to
open the door banging on a tub over one
next thing you know the man open the
door around something [__] just start
laughing in front of us at the door and
then close the door back pause so we
like yell what the [__] is this think it
don't be so next thing you know we try
to get up in the room and he wouldn't
open the door
oh so [__] start kicking on a door [__]
hmm you know I don't go I open the door
naked yeah did he did he open the door
gets [__] open the door right don't
wanna open the door
not getting it
that was like that was like mental rate
write down rape right do you give the
team you did it on purpose but I can't
give it to you my naked why he wants to
give us he was a piece of it all right
was he but Nick no come on his homeboys
[__] in the [__] Joey my friend this
is my [__] he sit in a drawer
he had a dream before the [__] fell
asleep and then woke up he was [__] and
then he [__] he pulled the drawer out it
sit right in the drawer they did there
you go
I do the next morning each other blaming
another [__] I believe the [__] the
[__] Toby do i can't-can't yeah yeah
god bless little DB man well tell us a
story you can't tell yeah you can tell
Pete you money any ovb story we need
listen right now we got prints let's in
every store with you got michael jackson
leverage their stories
we need a whole DB and we got our pun we
started with pun legendary stories and
those stories are still continuing this
is all we need a whole DP we gotta make
this guy live you know damn you know
your mediocre jason de nada cook number
one he's cooking water he was like a
home seafood typing again so you know me
we used to go to his crib or whatever
but one night we was up in his crate but
what of it next thing you know [__]
fell asleep in the house so we and
they're playing music and dirty seen it
next thing you know [__] is cracking
eggs on a [__] head in cuz he was
knocked out of exchange but you say was
a cook so when use that after he cook it
yeah yeah no now he's just you know you
know some sounds like a [__] fall
asleep in our house is like [__] star
[__]
it's like artists [__] sleep I
sprinkle some baby powder on his hair
make him look 95 years old you don't at
me like just dip his hands in some
[__] eggs or some [__] let it slide
down his face or whatever so one night
[__] was just doing some wild [__] and
dirty was just putting mad cayenne
pepper oh yeah he had [__] eggs yeah
[__] he had [__] celery on his
[__] face everything this [__] would
not wake up this thing would not wake up
and this is all DB man this is this man
mmm I wanted [__] woke up it was like
the [__] was just he was evening he was
hurt
yeah by the corner but a good dog kid
sell it yeah yeah yeah give us [__] but
then you taking it away I think it means
one thing but um now you about to go on
the talk right now you and home goes
yeah with this tour with this oil you're
going on like it's 95 day that's this
tour with you please like that you wanna
make we're talking about when y'all did
business together no we talk about right
now we doing more business right now now
but when ya on the next time leave the
album together come on no this is a
wonderful thing man we got together man
you know you ma ma ma hey you life
brother
any time yes yes yes now we got together
we have fun me to the war report tool
which is the more Nicole
ice ice water big over and you're
laughing which was which brings me to
the question doesn't know that's there
better not be another train that's not
another train that's gonna be able to
bat radar off you know what radar they
pay people just to make trains come by
like you know I'm saying it they got
spies like they TMZ this rap radar think
it's like you're me they just they just
sing
cuz cuz way you know you didn't weigh it
all right you're a traitor on dual yet
we do it yet this is black or very
serious it's already there were 60
minutes we're harvester filming a
Superman feed a drunk is it wheezes
drunk we just drove that's those are
people a little bit you guys you guys
great do not know you come on man yeah
listen they harder to booked in a wrap
up I've been telling on the come on the
[__] podcast have a say oh come on
here that looks like when you ain't you
knew y'all was doing a CBS office no
that's not what we do I don't know [__]
do not show the CBS often we do I see in
the middle of Little Haiti [__] in the
moment we do I park here we don't see
the Stapleton we do our sittin Kendall
gonna do this my way we do I sit in the
left frac City we do our sitting
Queensbridge way to I said in Ravenswood
a story up we do I said everywhere else
but CBS you buck Bubba bubbles and
that's what a dis
not what I said ice now it's not a dis
but listen you boo boo boo boo boos come
over here [__] with us
I paid my flight to go do y'all podcast
yeah come on here do our part right
right the wrong branch as well just one
bag but they warn you is it's like if
you go do this [__] you sure you
introduce it I think I stopped oh so you
do this [__] demonic I see [__] that's
why the guys to entice high praise I'm
just playing
it's his jokes but this one thing I see
yeah that's my [__] yeah we need him
one yeah we don't yeah
and we need let's say iced tea he's
gonna go that this was good blood is no
more we were stressed so listen as the
iced tea you my [__] my brother and he
did my movie like two years ago I didn't
know what I was doing he still did my
movie
what's your poopy super dog though so on
but I see we really really really need
you on but we want you we want your wife
to be our first female guest is that
cool that's cool we want your wife to
but you come with a bobblehead both of
them it won't fill up here together
because Coco it is and I'm surprised
our bartender manna manna come come sing
because all we we just only have men
here yes how she is a grandmother or
town Amanda come on please Amanda let's
go let's go yes right dream chefs we now
have women come on of this [__] because
you know you know me like you know
people people get crazy is we have too
many uh how you say it I don't know what
do you say we need a female rapper to
come on yeah we don't care and you know
what's crazy they'd love voting so much
all the time
what would shine yeah this rail rain
Raekwon you do a tour like every two
weeks it's a big dog nah nah
but [__] [__] lasts for like two three
months can you put me on one of those I
just saw I open up we don't bring a
drink chat no you gotta have the
discipline no it's always invited food
don't know what they don't let me what
does that mean you got to do the three
months no I've always do the three
months yeah that's a lot yeah let's go
what already out there with you as long
as I'm okay I'm okay
believing the podcast on the road let's
do it just do it three is going but
listen how's crazy is it that the bigger
you got the more hood your records got
hmm the more white people came the
[__] that's beautiful
do that though but that's real [__]
though like super super burly and you
keep it like we said it though yeah yeah
but it's like yo you don't say I'm like
I don't know tour with you love is like
goddammit - that market right there
ah you know what it is before who got
something going on in Atlanta night
Raekwon gotta show your [__] is sold out
and I see that you with my own eyes my
name how does that feel - I said that
sir that's a great feeling man you know
some of them are people that love us man
you don't matter the color but you know
it makes you wanna be happy it makes you
feel rock stars so we champagne but keep
finish this [__] how you gonna make it
and keep yeah please cuz this is crazy
my one would you state to stay here
she's sold out I mean it still obviously
love for the people man they know we do
they they know we come in at me you know
people love great music they love
personality they love character and
showmanship you just tried deliver just
try to give it some good so I'm in the
best way that you give it Simon
you know the majority of the people is
is the white white the white people
dares know right we've seen
now for us and we love them to death and
it is what it is like no we don't know
we love them all man it's like we said
we're gonna say hip-hop is we gonna make
hip-hop oh this is my race then we're
gonna make hip-hop a new mix and a new
religion and a new flag all right my
favorite hotels it W okay what horrible
segways your head is ringing
filming you a different example get me
over there now
I'll favor hotels at the W Hotel every
time I'll order double hold hotel I see
the gay flag out there I have no problem
with it
I got mad people that gay and my family
people that's gay
no I don't kid that's okay but I figured
why shouldn't we have a hip-hop flag
right there let people know that when we
enter this you accepted here that's
you're accepted here what why we can't
have the same thing not comparing hip
hop's plight or hip-hop struggle
compared to you know game you know gay
or LGBT no god bless them you know I'm
saying is we got a different plate but
what I'm saying is wash it out into a
restaurant if you tell me this rest of
all got the best [__] clams in the
world right and then I walk in there and
then still I get in there I'm the first
black person that ever been here I
shouldn't I shouldn't have to you don't
say I shouldn't have to go through that
that event but if that flag is there
saying you're welcome this is just like
you know I don't want to keep a hip-hop
struggle get a room what good what I can
you even eat somewhere on South Beach
right now and our southeast there's a
gay flag somewhere boom that's that's
there Silas say that you're accepted
that's great your says awesome the exact
in all the places that's the day they
already accepted thing cuz the place
is good and I ain't got no problem with
them you know what this awesome but now
I do we have problem sometimes out I
could walk into a place and then I don't
know if I kind of accepted that I don't
even meet color wise
I just mean culture wise why can't we
develop a hip-hop I think I see JIT am i
[__] you could tell me overdrive
don't listen let me tell yourself hip
hop is something that's it's organic
anyways thank you
cuz yo it's gonna pull the right the
right energy at the right time you know
music music is always gonna soothe the
minds of people so regardless of what
we're we walk that that's always there
that's why that's one of the biggest
walking but you want to stand up say
hip-hop hip-hop music I've made a lot of
money man yeah yeah well we need to be a
lot of money like y'all y'all made music
for Staten Island Brooklyn and they
transcended to behold the world the word
a whole world know sadden people you
didn't end well yes yes thank you yeah
thank you for hold of me but what I'm
trying to say is right what if there's a
hotel that you're gonna check into when
you feel more comfortable if you know
that you like whatever the premortal
overpaid you all whatever whatever or
underpaid none of that on the page Oh
page and then you look any like the
hotel he booked my card is accepted I'm
good yeah I mean I could blow in the
room but I'm hanging with you somewhere
you was like kind of my room they got
paid the smoking charge already like
like why we can have all [__] like I'm
not comparing hip hop struggle or
whatever I just ring anybody that thing
but what I'm saying is because even even
gay people are hip hop of course you
know sass so it's thing I cool if you
gay in you hip hop you're super
accepting you knows that I'm sorry but
but if you have
I'm saying cuz I don't know that you
know I won't try be politically correct
wouldn't work
why wouldn't why can't we have a flag
that represents not a race I am saying
I'm saying people that this is our
culture they understand our culture but
the other day I went to a restaurant I
go what's the best ceviche in the area
right I went there and it was mass
soccer games
no boobies respect to soccer right but I
don't want to [__] with soccer so I was
like I'm out of there
oh but if I were to wear my app that
said this is hip-hop
I would have never wasted my time going
to a place that I didn't want to see
what I want I didn't I just I wasn't in
the mood for soccer so hip-hop my
fingers don't like soccer I don't know
what I'm saying is this my heart this is
something that you wanna calm you're
gonna eat you're gonna chill you're
gonna dance you're gonna rollerskate
you're gonna [__] a skateboard
you gotta [__] a skin you gonna do
whatever you want you wanna you wanna
you go saying and you know that whatever
this does it's a b-boy stance and here
somewhere
we need that flag my body not at the
core I think you're good when you extend
it you [__] up well I just feel like
we need a hip-hop flag that means like
if we involve Beatles we in Bermuda
somewhere and we want to sit down and
blow a tree or sit down and just have a
meal listen to Marvin Gaye oh listen you
know I'm saying like wherever we had in
the world if somebody could put our flag
up so we know we welcome we wouldn't you
know going responds well you don't say
maybe not welcome you think I'm [__]
out you could tell me how long you said
you tell me what's our egg is there so
it's in your heart is a flag is this
already in UV but I you know you gotta
know where you going bro I don't know
where the [__] I'm going
you know you got no ego my [__] but I'm
not get what you're saying oh you know
the hip-hop flag this [__] yeah created
a lot yeah I wanna country to win to win
you and yeah Wow your passport is crazy
hmm so just imagine wherever cups you go
to total dork Germany
don't you know doesn't tell me you know
German you know German what's up listen
tell me a German word I gotta tell you
ready
what talking [__] dunking [__] dunking
change does that mean when we tell you
the other word imma that weight for
weight corner go Oh give me some German
Raekwon you know won't work
that means besides oh yeah yeah okay
I know Blass me ina Blaz me has that was
that suck my dick
oh wait dumb kitchen bit touch in that I
don't think was really welcome okay mmm
Duncan to petition how you know Japanese
wait for the Train
Japanese come on you've been all over
the world Japanese huh you know Japanese
wait long can we don't leave me a word
in Japanese I can't give you one
give me one it's ebon I learned that
from read man yeah okay I learn that
phone kawaii
no hallelu no make up your mind for your
just learn different for what you
learned in a mere no darlin in Japan
make this just send a white no of
Okinawa it's on the equator line of
Hawaii you've been open hours looking I
was a part of Japan Oh yo yo bat-radar
y'all [__] is paying a top down cuz
they never had listening never that's a
wu-tang know for robbery
they just got too nervous they said I
won't hang climate but and his way part
to this you know censored a they've sent
range to watch the I apologize we've
never had said you being a man to the
man that she paused the drink she's a
part of the show that she's gone for the
show man thanks Ange this branch for
brand news huh yo yo yo so um I feel
like we do that so this happen
no he's laughing are you patting wrinkle
because I'm Paddy's like a [__]
this isn't King just don't do this is a
trick question it is not I am petted
like a [__] the last episode we
had he say he's not bad don't let me
break it down love should I bring it
down
I mean I don't remember but go ahead
last episode on Friday
yeah happy I said I'm a petty
did usual meet you Benny but um has now
you penny has my penny
yes could we not usually that's not the
ass home look around out 30 he say he's
not petty you ready for the story yeah
he's dating a girl oh [__] because you
know why when I listen to the have a
gamma Sowell's soul and it's not a bad
yeah nobody ever said that you're not
pay I'm not I'm not gonna get into all
this man that's why I got the tweets
that I got no yeah luckily this is three
videos I'm gonna video will you but this
ends in this episode this is a famous
story first of all Kim the people love
this so listen my man is dating liquor
somehow someway he fouls out she's cool
knows I find out by accent Bella story
he fires out she's going to Cisco video
no no no the way went down he says it's
over
dis based upon that I'm an anomaly the
rest of the facts in my mind but based
on that is he petty we gotta get to the
bottom of it because he's ready
I always think so
centering himself commute unless I was
Oh teddy
he says without penny right now now wait
you're sticking what he's been
negotiated the rest of the pack
Mariko missing
but what's all right listen what song do
you think it was from Cisco at any Cisco
so if your girl was going to the strong
song which is but she still we are gonna
happen she was going to the video shoot
yeah she was a model and she was
advancing so this is why I called him
penny because he didn't know he did the
dog song didn't come out this time she
was just going to a Cisco video no man
she was doing the thong song
bonito song alright so right she's going
to the awesome because she still be here
long as I know what the [__] you doing
you know there wasn't based on just that
I Wow you come for this patty if you're
just gonna cut all because
is not just somebody whoever will finish
it's not a killer there was nothing to
eat I think that was petit he said she
did the dog song
but yeah how you stand with this guy you
out too lazy
is he still petty always even now at
this point I mean you know you you gotta
be confident no way Quan champagne on
see you still come home she goes till
she's the one that got champagne
alright no that's what you said we
brought unless you can't come home with
no shame
[Applause]
lassiter one is the last but now she's
got two more than I know
then oh gee Wally video kissy Kissy
can't can ya can y'all still me and
moshi moshi have sushi don't make is
this [__] let's keep it haha she's
shipped out and then the last one is
Ricky Mario told him hanging up [__]
about yeah yeah it was little bottles
yes he was bad you know she got to go
with the Volvo me nah
no this is we make you pay you show us
you [__] BBD I'm 80% sure I don't know I
never eyes two actually but why wow what
made you come with this assumption
because we're right when we broke up we
in the club and she's below me so I'm
assuming I know how it goes down I think
this proves this pen he's right you
gotta know you're back man
but listen great we need that Belinelli
cuz we aren't dead I'm gonna penny
listen first of all okay it wasn't fat
we she wanted to pursue a career in
modeling hmm and I was doing what I was
doing
did you do a photo shoot for no and I
just said and we both just mutually
agreed like you gonna do this and I'm
gonna do this and we got it I'm not
gonna be with a chick that's in the same
industry doing certain things did you
eat her [__]
to be quite honest my girl is anything
goes that's my girls salut another story
I'm sorry yeah we got a dead this story
no she's gonna see what's crazy
no she likes all the dream champ
pictures and I'm just waiting for her to
hit me up I am now stalking your way I'm
sorry Mandy yo the wu-tang yeah what's
the wildest won't a groupie I have a
half
keep it with you got to have a little
tangled but keep it round her name is
Brittany boom links kiss shot damn
[__] her all slippers this is an
illness there's another bully he classy
Bodhi with tuna tartare come on what
suppose the classic will be stormy you
had give us a Cobra story don't do it
but I'll go there you come on before
before like when you was born up on this
time side look ya'll crime sir
staying alive was the job a second
special it was hypnotizing you right
he's the worst thing anybody ever told
me anything it was like no I would like
to be in jail with you I can do a bit
with you like y'all I was like damn I
get a great compliment the worst thing
in the world but wait come on Dora [__]
man
god damn bad like just just from the arm
it was an info use it for our you say
shorty get your thousand grams so you
tell your girl let me sleep with her
I know you was like that's the son of me
in a man horny I could say look back
[__] so I gotta tell you one night I
went to go see you [__]
I was in yoga we flipped it on music
appalled was it cut you you use me I
know it's a bomb but ya know I was
missin Escalade names one of his
soldiers name came up theater came up
Kyle came up there come hang out which I
[__] ition took one of my [__]
[__] let's keep my yeah I [__] was
in there doing yeah bunny hop right the
crazy [__] is that I don't know I was
coming up there to come hang out which I
[__] is [__] you know came in there
and then when the back ash in the back
of the room [__] just like watts
playing video games you don't think he's
play the video game and like right next
to each other things was sitting right
next to each other like and enchant [__]
day I guess one of your man's I've been
in using their blowing it shake it it
share right there yesterday also
people like this one way around a rabbit
so I'm coming in a room like you'll put
the [__] thing looked up at me like
y'all you're good I saw these Queens do
we [__] this a high Magus that could
have been Charlie too it could have been
Charlie skins he wouldn't listen
Elvis Presley got the Elvis Presley side
for us don't wait want man go sit down
so what do you dig is the next step for
not only great but wu-tang or whatever
we think is the next step for you know
you know the music is always gonna be
there you know for myself is wrong we're
gonna continue to make it [__] but I'm
gonna some filmmakers [__] right man I
decided deep vision you know right the
dicta on the purple chain documentary
you know that's something I want some of
it I'm gonna get the you know really
good opportunity to taste that you know
I'm gonna start stepping into [__] like
that you've got a lot of screen flicks
that one too mmm you know some real
speed tail [__] you know just keep keep
fluctuating rocking on me a keep
traveling and then weirder the purple
take drop that she came out 1995 well
soon been celebrating your 20
how about the D Doris here's some endear
doors for you one in their 40 bucks God
ever thank you for giving me a free pass
I can't afford that right now make some
noise hi they have me I am says only
turning on the spot I've been telling my
son my son be walking too close to them
up like I'm a snuffling tom was
snuffling on my weight on the odorous
you know I mean what have they done
you got the wily clocks to leave those
dropped already or you are driving I was
that was like a you know like a blowout
you know like no sixty-day type of thing
city days available you'll get in yeah
damn it your garment game is crazy
that's that wu-tang slaying garbage game
come on big clean make some noise know
who takes laughs yes we got our driver
give me at nine you ate it now listen
this bigger mop here 9.com Eden I've got
a dream champ shirt and we get away
clothes on some horns so listen if you
guys are tuned in right now we got
Raekwon in the buildin he's having fun
with us is my brother before all get the
[__] out and you go get him to sign a
couple of horn random its way around so
never know you might get any order to
wait for you know you might get you
might get like you know he gonna sound
like they know maybe five or 16 you know
random numbers and he's my guy you don't
say and you might get your horn
maybe shout out to people's best moves
forever many my [__] yo you'll thank
you so much in a row you know only to be
black that and I tried the book and I
couldn't book was a Raekwon and Busta
Rhymes both for y'all guys are my
brother but um my brother so I can't get
mad at charge it was I just had to take
that as a loss but when you worked on
only built 4 Cuban Linx tool you worked
for a bustah a little bit I did yeah how
was that that's family you know I think
it was dead like you know he was able to
see a spot that I didn't see at the time
and me knowing sometimes you got to go
outside and be around real people and
you know get opinions in you know [__]
that [__] could really tell you that
might make sense to yourself alright you
know he was there he was like a mentor
like you know I always [__] bust his
energy is always up good good good good
fella
you know what I mean if he would just be
you know you make me laugh and I really
know his music he's sharp with music and
production and it was like that I needed
that that LIF all right have we gotten a
studio and you know he was just passing
[__] to me just flailing a few beats or
whatever cuz you know bus his catalog is
just made right there
crazy yes it is amazing I like a bus not
so much music that [__] don't even
know like he's Busta bronze for real
like yeah you know but more importantly
like he was just a good friend still a
good friend you know and always always
been in my corner you know always
believed in everything like yo biggie
you I look up to you you know what I
mean like and sometimes you need that
sometimes you know you need that energy
that boots and ever since then it was
like you know boom bust out the Cuban
Linx - album man you know my hands
started getting super hot again and just
you know and stay hot for a long time
how was it working with dr. Dre was that
your first time working with dr. Dre
change my [__] Dylan trader a good
[__] you know me right
he's gonna make something happen but you
know kind of like backed out the
situation you know respectfully you know
you know he always he always felt like
you know whatever you do that that that
thing you holding is a masterpiece
though Oh - mother come listo human
sushi you know you know I mean we just
just had to keep moving on
and I'm I decided to do it and
down winders alright go on it from that
perspective just you know I felt I knew
I knew the game so you know the game
you're going in and you know makes it
happen a quarter in a way you want it to
happen in I just want to make some noise
for you put that success of that Cuban
Linx to I threw open the champagne do we
got different cups I made a really
different you wanna you wanna hit that
champagne you're working your way if you
hit infinity champagne you officially
drink like seven liquors just now use a
wild ingot
it's bad gonna dick use a wild like you
know you Bilbray you know back was this
level you got about that warning me pick
up the bartenders we take so I am a
water long keep you right be believe it
or not you need behind ray course of
course because the water is is this is
three-fourths call Frank what does the
boom is balls p-body
million legend used to eat pork back
then you don't know we talked about I'm
cute video foul [__] come on I love you
fair right you know we're back in the
day of close yeah yeah there's a wool
tank man you think this is last Apple is
this would this be this last album if
y'all get together
nah man II never the last hour
I mean uh you know it won't be where
father's gonna be if ever as long as we
feel like we wanted to be there you know
we all in me all in a gray space for one
another you know it's a beautiful it is
Brotherhood but you know so so what's
your next
um endeavor like or next artists
what's the next you know I got some [__]
lined up though you know I can't really
leak you know yeah because you know I
want to master it I'm gonna make sure
that it's right before approach it I
ain't going to give it to you yet
because I gotta be they gotta be right
though you know so great strategic so at
one point you had to walk to a life like
it was drape than you and so on oh you
got off in the hoods in camo you have
awesome I got a haircut in your barber
shop [__] rare like yeah yeah totally
things about that I mean you know we
started a label out there you know you
got a second citizenship you got a
Canada citizen is the same [__] do you
paint you taxes [__] call me get out
there you know use the 40 seconds I was
on the road with that [__] a day mine I
think I had a different outfit like like
I was like damn [__] you only be the
same sneakers like I let y'all - well
I'm telling you my [__] this [__] [__]
is corporate
he get dressed corporate corporate yeah
I'm telling all this [__] is a strategic
the way this I'm telling you but again
yeah war I salute you Ray
you always been an inspiration to me I
like boys and a brother we always were
on the same side
thank you so much close you know you was
like one of the five hurt people too
didn't come
but you do super made it up and we go to
club tonight I know that this comes out
Friday but we're gonna go to the old
mansion tonight which is icon icon great
coming to hang out with us I'm
kidnapping you
the champs you know dream champs man
don't say that yo you'll be recording
all week we tie this [__] you know I'm
sad and you're working on my [__] cuz I
want everybody know these like great it
ain't just about like me and this guy me
and this guy you finish one thing but we
got rich which Blanco we got ourselves
we got Drano a big drain we got uh honey
deep sunny TB team mr. super slowly
getting any gigs Paul Horace Oh Boris we
you know everybody is the low man I
forgot your name come on rot what Ross
Kemp bronze Ken the other one is called
Rasta I saw I'm sorry you want to be
racist Sonia because you got dreads
you know Sasso it's so many people that
come together that's what we doing on
video man documentary-style because I do
want to just be about me and FN and so
many other people that helped make this
what it is man
people been starving for wu-tang clan's
that's always been clamoring man I had
you and I never even want to tell you
how much responsibility I had to bring
you head you don't say I didn't want to
tell you that because we're friends so I
always wanted to keep this on a
friendship level facts not set foot well
I had a responsibility to bring you here
because of that and just tell us one
thing about Walton clan if the people
don't know man we just found out that
John even know each other since the
group started I didn't know that looking
you got your champagne we get you
another cup champagne it's right there
darling one more
did your family wellness that be very
cold man
a family yeah I said more false uh hi
everyone else that's your false come on
tell us something about move tank plan
man before we get up out of it or we
close out we then vincible man let me
tell you something man damn [__] right
there at any given time
okay flip it and flip it in a way with
like it's real easy to do you know and
when it happened is what happened you
know it's all about being into it though
I want to be into it I want to just do
it
fabricated step and we all share them
same principles you know like it's just
all about the the energy at the time
that makes that out and come but
business business is different you know
they want to do business in a way where
you feel like everything is beautiful
and then what is beautiful everything
else is greater you know we wanted we
wanted to be great we wanted to be good
so this is what I wanna end it on I want
to name all the members of wu-tang clan
and I want you to say something about it
King cool all the members you know we
all know I know
i'ma start I'm not lame I remember and I
want you to say something about yeah
yeah yo God okay l the hell ball ready
the Raging Bull an absolute evil bull I
know it's a movie as this called the
range of all me the Raging Bull you yeah
Oh master killer mm-hmm to calm the calm
did the fall for our Kim [__] like that
you know
Cappadonna mm-hmm Slick Rick Matthew oh
the GZA 2017 came back then bad better
Ghostface Al Pacino
it's way quoi speaking yourself a third
person is fly almighty [__] the Genesis
King said hats [__] in ankle bracelets
or no ladies gold guys do you got doing
my Chinese glasses can make it up later
i Jim shilling okay
Method Man
I'm gonna link Israel also what I saw
what you saw my damn F is muff is it
another cut
you know terrycloth
okay very close strong F is strong yet I
think it's still wrong hard ground
ground okay Reza Reza it's like this is
like Jimi Hendrix in [__] Jimmy this
is big on the show Dan and his cat
Lana's cat Jimmy hey justice here you
have a you know over coordinate lucky
lady with the white cat in there
electrically electric lady you know
downtown I know it so much yeah you ever
seen the white cat in there
thousand election lady right close sure
because we're trying to debate on this
shows if that white cat was Jimi Hendrix
reincarnated what are you doing right
won't just say you just say well I felt
like Jimi was playing the guitar through
but yet we [__] that you wait while
you'll thank you so much you leave our
other room members oh well Tommy's
expected deck Oh
LD be I didn't say ODB no oh in my mind
I did okay on a mom man okay okay my man
let's go back to this perspective get
deck spec the dick is like Malcolm X huh
never alright yeah shake its juju out
honey I need this but it doesn't have my
lumber did I think people to the TV [__]
I know there's this last
ODB that you didn't say just leave I
think I'll say
Jesus okay ODB Oh black baby Jesus man
you know that now listen we got the
drink champs we hate where people say
good old you think only because I shrunk
us under the table you think you get a
hunger up you think your honor
like as a drink champs cause you see
that yeah what was all the B's favorite
drink and your memory and then tell me
Cisco then he's the left
he waited Cisco mad 2020 it was all news
you drink that maybe Andy was the [__]
oh you know he drunk a lot of wine
- that's your [__] oh it was awesome
normal [__] yeah yeah yeah Rosen all
that time
that's this obese thank Allah let me
tell you something what Tom I was a rock
up for the whole DB Duncan his ass and
it was like he did it on purpose
- realistic but he was like
good spray smells like this [__] crazy
they hola I have in the elbow he gave me
elbow back to late night please wait one
of the white guns like he was ill
elected Emma Doody online like you know
you know that was his staff like then he
was a pounding else he is yeah and and I
was my liquor like I was in the studio
with him before well for like three four
days where it is born no yeah this is a
fact mister pepper
Raekwon think I'm fun hanging out band
you come with us to the club to go on an
icon at night we know that this podcast
comes out next Friday we don't care we
haven't fun so much one of the wu-tang
probably so much more than my brother
because you're not just one tangs
brother you are hot brother I wanted to
get into our relationship but I wanted
this interview to be more about you
because the thing about my friends is
they come back and they step they appear
more than one time dad's been here twice
home bit here twice you could be here as
many times as you're speaking to a
million people this is your home great
question we will allow you man taking so
much man dad not me you know being TJ
Irfan you know be hazardous sound rich
you know I'm saying my family my man
with with Sonny D ad man he don't son he
can eat you and it surely does child
molester
Sunny D you don't want to brush you know
when I'm fast come over yeah you're not
sweating I'm proud of you you swear you
swear you'll we will do mr. super slob
telling people man telling you you left
a flea market a bit left the flea market
at mr. super slime to brag
so yeah so you're Bally's don't come
your valleys don't come for Mom 74 no no
no no nobody's from 74 [__] pin and a
[__] purple clocks [__] come on
humble you're sorry I already told me
they're in the mail flea market is it's
the bootleg [__] i right yeah yeah that
all enough some free markers got a
fishing ship but not one month ago
come on [__] mr. super slime man he's a
great guy man we love him man we want to
pick you up great qualms once again man
I'm sick so he goes my ass Monsieur take
this what happened then but you know
thank you so much man we go go hangout
icon jobs a star Rock mr. Li promotions
shout out to the drink champs man
everything is going down best buy
liquors once again for violets pick up
Amanda for you know my actual cups am
I'm calm we not only get the certs now
people we also got the horns the shock
that I hardly have in a pub it's the
whole party so when you party in with us
a cut that's every break thank you so
much man we have so much sweat